Changed CloudHub Fabric to Clustering (#219)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/cloudhub-fabric.adoc

= Clustering
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

image:logo-cloud-active.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="CloudHub"]
image:logo-hybrid-disabled.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="Hybrid Deployment"]
image:logo-server-disabled.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition"]

> Clustering provides scalability, workload distribution, and added reliability to applications on CloudHub. This functionality is powered by CloudHub's scalable load-balancing service,  worker scale-out, and persistent queues features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clustering provides scalability, workload distribution, and added reliability to your applications on CloudHub. This functionality is powered by CloudHub's scalable load-balancing service, worker scale-out, and persistent queues features.
```

> You can enable clustering features on a per-application basis using the Runtime Manager console when deploying a new application or redeploying an existing application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable clustering features on a per-application basis using the Anypoint Runtime Manager console when either deploying a new application or redeploying an existing application.
```

Reviewer: Nice intro text! Can we add something to prepare the audience for the prerequisites and how implemented subtopics?

== Prerequisites

Clustering requires:

* A CloudHub Enterprise or Partner account type that allows you to use this feature. 

> * Familiarity with deploying applications using the Runtime Manager console.

Reviewer: Just a question about this reference and the one above it, to "the Runtime Manager console": these are not mean to reference API Console, right? Checking only because I have not seen other refs to "console."

Author: No. The Runtime Manager area of Anypoint Platform. Sometimes it says console. I didn't make other changes to this topic - just fixing the bug.

To learn more about how to work with persistent queues in your application, see xref:managing-queues.adoc[Managing Queues].

== Enabling Clustering Features

> You can enable and disable either or both features of clustering in one of two ways:

Reviewer: Has the audience been introduced to "either or both features"?

* When you deploy an application to CloudHub for the first time using the Runtime Manager console

> * By accessing the *Deployment* tab in the Runtime Manager console for a previously-deployed application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* By accessing the *Deployment* tab in the Runtime Manager console for a previously deployed application
```
GLOBALLY remove hyphens following compound adjectives when the first term ends in "ly".

> If your application is already deployed, you must redeploy it in order for your new settings to take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application is already deployed, you must redeploy it for your new settings to take effect.
```
GLOBALLY remove "in order" before "to" or "for."

Author: Yes, I would have, but I was just fixing the bug.

> == How Clustering is Implemented

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== How Clustering Is Implemented
```
Verbs are always capitalized in titles that use title-style capitalization.

HTTP load balancing is implemented by an internal reverse proxy server. Requests to the application (domain) URL `+http://appname.cloudhub.io+` are automatically load balanced between all the application's worker URLs.

Clients can bypass the clustering load balancer by using a worker's direct URL. See: xref:cloudhub-networking-guide.adoc[CloudHub Networking Guide] for more information on how to access an application in a specific CloudHub worker.

> == Use Cases

Reviewer: Be sure to introduce this subtopic in the text of the container topic.

> You can use both clustering features on the same application, or enable just one of them, or neither.

Reviewer: What are "both" features?
```suggestion
You can use either, both, or neither clustering features in a single application.
```

> Considerations:

Reviewer: Avoid using this word alone as a title or heading...or list intro. Try to reword to be more specific: are these restrictions? requirements? something else? both?

> For your application to reap the benefits of persistent queuing, implement reliability patterns in your application code, separating individual XA transactions from VM transports. See xref:3.9@mule-runtime::reliability-patterns.adoc[Reliability Patterns] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For your application to benefit from persistent queuing, implement reliability patterns in your application code, separating individual XA transactions from VM transports. See xref:3.9@mule-runtime::reliability-patterns.adoc[Reliability Patterns] for more information.
```
